 1. Kosher: 
  JewishVirtualLibrary: 
   Why do Jews keep kosher? (https://www.myjewishlearning.com/article/kashrut-after-refrigerators/)
   R: "Yet, the Torah gives no justification for kashrut." Why believe in something, if there is not justiication for it?
     ' 
     Rambam: Jews keep kosher, because God knows what foods are injurious to the body, and by removing it, God removed us from them.
     Is the implication that Jews are becoming ill from consuming non-kosher food. If non-Jews are not becoming ill from consuming non-Kosher food, 
     hence there are no injurious elements in them, why keep kosher? 
     Moreover, is God not concerned with the rest of humanity? Does God desire for the rest of humanity to suffer, because they do not have access
     to non-Kosher food. This would insinuate that since God is cognizant what elements are injurious to the body, and he provided strictures for Jews to remove
     the elements from their bodies, God is apathetic to the rest of humanity, or God is intentionally permitting non-Jews to contract diseases.
     Why I would I worship a callous or apathetic God?

   Another reason for maintaing a kosher lifestyle: “You shall sanctify yourselves and be holy, for I [the Lord] am holy. 
   Every form of effective pedagogy involves regular repetition and frequent exposure. Since we eat three times each day (at a minimum!), 
   kashrut is the basic school to recall and reinforce a sense of living in brit (covenant) with God,
   to making the values of Judaism visible through our deeds and priorities."
   Is the brit exclusive to Judaism? If this is the case, that we maintain a kosher lifestyle, in order to reaffirm our brit with God, could we not contrive
   an artifical justification for, for instance, refraining from consuming Oreos on every 3rd day of Week. This would enable Jews to reaffirm
   our brit(convenant) with God. What is the purpose of these specific dietary restrictions? 

  Chabad: (https://www.chabad.org/library/article_cdo/aid/113426/jewish/Why-Kosher.htm) 
  
  A. According to Chabad, the purpose of these specific dietary restrictons are to "nourish the Jewish soul," because Kashrut can be perceived as "spiritual
  nutrition." Why is no evidence required to substantiate the claim that Kashrut is "spiritual nutrition?" For instance, if someone were to tell
  me that I must abstain from consuming Oreos on every third day of the week, and that rationale was that it "nourishes the soul" I would say that
 what is your proof? If their rejoinder was that: "Because I injunct to refrain from consuming this food"(Because I say so), why would I abstain
  from consuming Oreos on every third day of the week. 
  
  Conclusion: Insufficent Evidence for Kashrut. 
  
  B. 
        
    
