
Title: The Archaeology Iceberg Explained

  Layer 1: History Channel Watcher: 
    The Sphinx Nose Job: The apparent absence of nose of The Great Sphinx of Giza. Intentiomally removed between the 3rd-10th Centuries AD. Story that 
    a cannonball from Napoleon's soldiers shot it off, but earlier illustrations demonstrate that it had been absent prior to the arrival of 
    Napoleom's soldiers.
    
    "It was Aliens": Conspiracy popularizwd by Erick von Daniken, wherein ancient aliens provided assistance to ancient civlizations, because
    these civilizarions could not have technologically advanced without the assistance of aliens.
    
    Five Thousand Year Old Murder Mystery: Otzi the Iceman,  dsting to 3300 BC, discovered encased in ice omthe border between Austria snd Italy. His skin, clothes,
     and organs were all intact. Examinatioms of his body have yielded the result that he was murdered. 
     
     Dead Sea Scrolls: Collection of Hebrew Manuscripts that were discovered by goat herder in a series of caves in the West Bank. Some of the oldest surviving documents
      of the Old Testament, dating from 408 BC to 318 AD.
      
     Giant Skeletons: The Nephilim Conspiracy, wherein poorly photoshopped images are presented as evidence of a building sized people in our not so distant past.
     Lion Man: Lowenmensch figurine, a lion man carved into ivory dating between 35,00p to 40,000 years ago.
     
     Curse of King Tut: Superstituous belief that the Opening of the King Tutankmen's belief resulted in a curse being placed upon the excavation tea, and visitors, resulting 
     in many untimely demises. 58 people present at tomb's opening, 8 died prematurely within a dozen years.
     
     Shroud of turin: A linen cloth which contains the negative image of a bearded man. Some have claimed that the cloth was used to wrap Jesus Christ
      after his crucifixion. Scientific studies conducted on the cloth  have demonstrated that is isprobably a counterfeit cloth from
       the Middle Ages.
    
    Seven Wonders: Ancient historains write that there were 7 wonders constructed in antiquity, that Greeks and Romans marvelosled at. All,
    save the Great Sphinx of Giza, have been destroyed.
    
    Terrcota Sculptures: Terracota army depicting rhe armg of Qin Shi-Huan, the first emperor of China. athey were buried with nim, im order
     to protect the emperor in the afterlife.
