Chapter 2 - Memory Falliability and False Memory Syndrome:
  Memory: Memory is unreliable, because they are constructed from imperfect perceptions filtered through our beliefs and biases, and they morh and merge
  over time. 
  
   how memories are malleable:
       A.  Fusion: The details of different memories are fused together.
       
       B. Confabulation:  fabrication in our memories because the brain desires to construct a continuous and consistent memory.
  
    Declarative Memory: Factua knowledge stored in long-term memory and actively recalled.
      A. Episodic Memories:  memory of events and our own experiences.
    
    Procedural Memory:  Learning how to complete motor tasks such as throwing a baseball.
    
    Semantic Memory:  The factual memory about the world.


Chapter 10- Logical Fallacies:
  Logical Falllacy: Invalid link between a premise and a conclusion.
  
    1. Non-Sequitur b/A: The conclusion does not necessarily follow from the premise. i.e, Swiss cheese is healthy for you, because it is yellow-
          No logical link b/t the premise and the conclusion. 
          
     2. Argument from authority: If Professor A believes X, Professor X speaks from authority, ergo X is true.
      
      3. Argument from Final Outcome: Something is caused by the ultimate effect that it has or the purpose that it serves. i.e, Christian 
      creationists contend that evolution must be true, because if it were true, it would result in immortality.
      
      4. Post Hoc Ergo Propter Hoc: Presuming cause and effect for two events, because they are related.I was ill, I took treatment A, I recovered, 
      treatment A caused me to recover.
       
       5. Correlation and Causation: Atrributing a casual relationship to a correlation.
       
       6. Special Pleading, or Ad Hoc Reasoning: Introducing new elements into the contention, in order to for the contention to appear more valid.
       
       7. Tu Quoque: An attempt to justify a wrong action because someone else does the same thing.
       
       8. Ad Hominem: Countering one's claims by attacking the person rather than addressing the claims itself.
       
       9. Ad Ignorantiam: A specific belief is true, because we don't know that it isn't true. i.e, Defenders of extrasensory perception will 
       frequently concentrate on how relaitvely little is known about the human brain.
       
       10. Conflating the Currently Unexplained with the Unexplainable: Because we don't currently possess an explanation for a phenomenon, it is 
       perenially inexplicable, or defies the laws of nature.
       
       11. False Continuum: No definitive demarcation between two extremes.
       
       12. False Dichtomoy: Diminishing a set of possibilities to only two.
       
       13. False Analogy: Assuming that because two or more things are similar in one way, theyn are also similar im some other way.
       
       14. Genetic Fallacy: Contesting against something from where it orginates from, rather than the contention itself. i.e, Volkswagoj is not 
       a good company, becuasd it was established by Hitler.
